# Question 1	
We're working on a contract with a new facility in the Florida region that specializes in the same specialties that already exist, specifically CNAs, RNs, and Techs. The new facility is a direct competitor of some of our current clients and wants to entice our RNs to work by offering competitive rates due to a shortage of pros in the area, and is asking for recommendations for rates for all three specialties. What rates would you recommend that we;
1. Pay the professionals? 
    - After analyzing the history of Florida Shift History data, there are a few key data points to take into account. The average rate for RNs was 9,478 cents per hour. The most common (mode) rate for these RNs was 9,750, with a rate of 10,075 trailing closely, accounting for 25% of shifts). If this facility would like to be competitive, I would recommend at or above a rate of 10,100 cents per hour for RNs which equates to 6.2% over the average rate. The average rate for CNAs was 2309 cents per hour. The most common (mode) rate for these CNAs was 2,310, accounting for 45% of shifts. If this facility would like to be competitive, I would recommend a rate at or above 2,425 cents per hour for CNAs, which equats to 5% over the average & most common rate. The average rate for TECHs was 1,940 cents per hour. The most common (mode) rate for these CNAs was 2,000, accounting for 83% of shifts. If this facility would like to be competitive, I would recommend a rate at or above 2,100 cents per hour for TECHs, which equats to 5% over the most common rate.
2. Bill the facility?
    - After analyzing the Facility rates for each Position, there were a few key data points to consider. We must take into account the potential rate increase for each position and if we want to keep CareRev profits in line with past history, we should reflect an increase in facility billing as well. The average facility rate for RNs was 11,184 cents per hour. The two most common (mode) rates for RNs were 12,188 & 12,594 (26% of shifts). I would recommned a minimum billing rate of 12,000 cents per hour, which is a 7% increase from previous average rates. The average facility rate for CNAs was 3,296 cents per hour. The most common (mode) rate for CNAs was 3,300 cents per hour. I would reccomend a rate of at least 3,465 to bill the facility, a 5% increase from our average rate. The average facility rate for TECHs was 2,771 cents per hour. The most common (mode) rate for TECHS was 2,857 cents per hour. I would recommend a rate of 2,909 cents per hour when billing the facility, which is a 5% increase from our average rate. If CareRev like to be competitive and take smaller profits, we can consider dropping that rate to 2,860, which was our most common historical rate.

# Question 2
Facilities in the area have been concerned about cancellation rates by gig-type (AKA ""Per Diem"") professionals due to the contractor-type relationship and some lack of control, in comparison to salaried nurses. However, we aren't sure if their concerns are founded or not, and need to look at cancels in the area before we do. 

1. Based on data and cancellation history given, what would you recommend that Account Managers and Customer Service Managers address first in terms of understanding and preventing cancellations in the area, and addressing the facilities' concerns?
    After analyzing the data, a staggering 56% (1,142) of cancellations were due to the Facility cancelling a shift for a number of reasons. The primary reason was a lack of need for coverage, which accounted for 26% (555) of all cancellations. I would recommned facilities & managers do a better job of forecasting personal needed in order to to cut down on these cancellations.
2. What recommendations would you make for potential stopgaps or strategies to prevent cancellations by professionals?
    16% (335) of cancellations were because Professionals canceled with a reason of 'Other'. If we want to address that, I recommend we potentially remove the Other option and give Professionals an option for some sort of short answer or dig a little deeper on what the 'Other' option could entail.

# Question 3
Based on the current pool of professionals that picked up shifts at the area facilities, if the new facility were to open up with 1000 expected posted shifts per month (evenly distributed between CNA, RN, and Tech) how much do you recommend we grow the pool of professionals in order to cover the new shift needs, if at all? 
Assume that we usually fill between 50-75% of posted shifts.

There are currently 358 Professionals in the area that worked a total of 2974 (non-cancelled) shifts in the span of 11 months throughout 10 different facilities. That leaves us with an average of a little over 8 shifts worked per Professional. Based off our current findings, if we were to open up 1000 expected posted shifts per month in this new facility i would recommend nearly tripling our pool of professionals to meet the influx of posted shifts. At a rate of 11000 extra shifts in an eleven month span, we'd anticpate about 6875 filled shifts. If we project professionals to work a little over 8 shifts in this time frame, our output shows we would need an estiamted 827 more Professionals to fill this gap.

# Question 4
Are there other datasets you think could be useful throughout this exercise that you'd like to look at if you were to do an in-depth exploration of these topics? If so, list the types of data you think could be useful.

Another dataset I think could be useful throughout this exercise would be Professional work schedules & availability. It is a little difficult to accurately recommend expanding the Professional Pool in Question 3 without seeing all the information. I'd also be interested in looking at facility scheduling.
